README.md, before:

# solutions
This repo stores my problem-solving related code

## leetcode solutions

|Problem|Solution|Difficulty|Tags|
|-|-|-|-|
| [1. Two sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) | [golang](/leetcode/two-sum/two-sum.go) | Easy | Array, Hash Table |
| [9. Palindrome number](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/) | [golang](/leetcode/palindrome-number/palindrome-number.go) | Easy | Math |
| [2. Add two numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/) | [golang](/leetcode/add-two-numbers/add-two-numbers.go) | Medium | Linked List, Math, Recursion |
| [3. Longest substring without repeating characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/) | [golang](/leetcode/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters.go) | Medium | Hash Table, String, Sliding Window |
| [4. Median of two sorted arrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/median-of-two-sorted-arrays/) | [golang](/leetcode/median-of-two-sorted-arrays/median-of-two-sorted-arrays.go) | Hard | Array, Binary Search, Divide and Conquer |
| [14. Longest common prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/) | [golang](/leetcode/longest-common-prefix/longest-common-prefix.go) | Easy | String |
| [13. Roman to integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/) | [golang](/leetcode/roman-to-integer/roman-to-integer.go) | Easy | Hash Table, Math, String |
| [28. Implement strstr](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-strstr/) | [golang](/leetcode/implement-strstr/implement-strstr.go) | Easy | Two Pointers, String, String Matching |
| [459. Repeated substring pattern](https://leetcode.com/problems/repeated-substring-pattern/) | [golang](/leetcode/repeated-substring-pattern/repeated-substring-pattern.go) | Easy | String, String Matching |
| [37. Sudoku solver](https://leetcode.com/problems/sudoku-solver/) | [golang](/leetcode/sudoku-solver/sudoku-solver.go) | Hard | Array, Backtracking, Matrix |
| [36. Valid sudoku](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-sudoku/) | [golang](/leetcode/valid-sudoku/valid-sudoku.go) | Medium | Array, Hash Table, Matrix |
| [8. String to integer atoi](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-to-integer-atoi/) | [golang](/leetcode/string-to-integer-atoi/string-to-integer-atoi.go) | Medium | String |
| [2042. Check if numbers are ascending in a sentence](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-numbers-are-ascending-in-a-sentence/) | [golang](/leetcode/check-if-numbers-are-ascending-in-a-sentence/check-if-numbers-are-ascending-in-a-sentence.go) | Easy | String |
| [53. Maximum subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/) | [golang](/leetcode/maximum-subarray/maximum-subarray.go) | Easy | Array, Divide and Conquer, Dynamic Programming |
| [192. Word frequency](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-frequency/) | [bash](/leetcode/word-frequency/word-frequency.sh) | Medium | Shell |
| [338. Counting bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/counting-bits/) | [golang](/leetcode/counting-bits/counting-bits.go) | Easy | Dynamic Programming, Bit Manipulation |
| [33. Search in rotated sorted array](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/) | [golang](/leetcode/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/search-in-rotated-sorted-array.go) | Medium | Array, Binary Search |
| [70. Climbing stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/) | [golang](/leetcode/climbing-stairs/climbing-stairs.go) | Easy | Math, Dynamic Programming, Memoization |
| [118. Pascals triangle](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle/) | [golang](/leetcode/pascals-triangle/pascals-triangle.go) | Easy | Array, Dynamic Programming |
| [75. Sort colors](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-colors/) | [golang](/leetcode/sort-colors/sort-colors.go) | Medium | Array, Two Pointers, Sorting |
| [15. 3sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/) | [golang](/leetcode/3sum/3sum.go) | Medium | Array, Two Pointers, Sorting |
| [392. Is subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/is-subsequence/) | [golang](/leetcode/is-subsequence/is-subsequence.go) | Easy | Two Pointers, String, Dynamic Programming |
| [20. Valid parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/) | [golang](/leetcode/valid-parentheses/valid-parentheses.go) | Easy | String, Stack |
| [71. Simplify path](https://leetcode.com/problems/simplify-path/) | [golang](/leetcode/simplify-path/simplify-path.go) | Medium | String, Stack |
| [413. Arithmetic slices](https://leetcode.com/problems/arithmetic-slices/) | [golang](/leetcode/arithmetic-slices/arithmetic-slices.go) | Medium | Array, Dynamic Programming |
| [21. Merge two sorted lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/) | [golang](/leetcode/merge-two-sorted-lists/merge-two-sorted-lists.go) | Easy | Linked List, Recursion |
| [141. Linked list cycle](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/) | [golang](/leetcode/linked-list-cycle/linked-list-cycle.go) | Easy | Hash Table, Linked List, Two Pointers |
| [344. Reverse string](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/) | [golang](/leetcode/reverse-string/reverse-string.go) | Easy | Two Pointers, String, Recursion |
| [680. Valid palindrome ii](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome-ii/) | [golang](/leetcode/valid-palindrome-ii/valid-palindrome-ii.go) | Easy | Two Pointers, String, Greedy |
| [1791. Find center of star graph](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-center-of-star-graph/) | [golang](/leetcode/find-center-of-star-graph/find-center-of-star-graph.go) | Easy | Graph |
| [797. All paths from source to target](https://leetcode.com/problems/all-paths-from-source-to-target/) | [golang](/leetcode/all-paths-from-source-to-target/all-paths-from-source-to-target.go) | Medium | Backtracking, Depth-First Search, Breadth-First Search, Graph |
| [31. Next permutation](https://leetcode.com/problems/next-permutation/) | [golang](/leetcode/next-permutation/next-permutation.go) | Medium | Array, Two Pointers |
| [1920. Build array from permutation](https://leetcode.com/problems/build-array-from-permutation/) | [golang](/leetcode/build-array-from-permutation/build-array-from-permutation.go) | Easy | Array, Simulation |
| [1929. Concatenation of array](https://leetcode.com/problems/concatenation-of-array/) | [golang](/leetcode/concatenation-of-array/concatenation-of-array.go) | Easy | Array |
| [1721. Swapping nodes in a linked list](https://leetcode.com/problems/swapping-nodes-in-a-linked-list/) | [golang](/leetcode/swapping-nodes-in-a-linked-list/swapping-nodes-in-a-linked-list.go) | Medium | Linked List, Two Pointers |
| [11. Container with most water](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/) | [golang](/leetcode/container-with-most-water/container-with-most-water.go) | Medium | Array, Two Pointers, Greedy |
| [923. 3sum with multiplicity](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum-with-multiplicity/) | [golang](/leetcode/3sum-with-multiplicity/3sum-with-multiplicity.go) | Medium | Array, Hash Table, Two Pointers, Sorting, Counting |
| [1046. Last stone weight](https://leetcode.com/problems/last-stone-weight/) | [golang](/leetcode/last-stone-weight/last-stone-weight.go) | Easy | Array, Heap (Priority Queue) |
| [146. Lru cache](https://leetcode.com/problems/lru-cache/) | [golang](/leetcode/lru-cache/lru-cache.go) | Medium | Hash Table, Linked List, Design, Doubly-Linked List |
| [703. Kth largest element in a stream](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-largest-element-in-a-stream/) | [golang](/leetcode/kth-largest-element-in-a-stream/kth-largest-element-in-a-stream.go) | Easy | Tree, Design, Binary Search Tree, Heap (Priority Queue), Binary Tree, Data Stream |
| [460. Lfu cache](https://leetcode.com/problems/lfu-cache/) | [golang](/leetcode/lfu-cache/lfu-cache.go) | Hard | Hash Table, Linked List, Design, Doubly-Linked List |
| [1480. Running sum of 1d array](https://leetcode.com/problems/running-sum-of-1d-array/) | [golang](/leetcode/running-sum-of-1d-array/running-sum-of-1d-array.go) | Easy | Array, Prefix Sum |
| [1672. Richest customer wealth](https://leetcode.com/problems/richest-customer-wealth/) | [golang](/leetcode/richest-customer-wealth/richest-customer-wealth.go) | Easy | Array, Matrix |
| [2011. Final value of variable after performing operations](https://leetcode.com/problems/final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations/) | [golang](/leetcode/final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations/final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations.go) | Easy | Array, String, Simulation |
| [2114. Maximum number of words found in sentences](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-number-of-words-found-in-sentences/) | [golang](/leetcode/maximum-number-of-words-found-in-sentences/maximum-number-of-words-found-in-sentences.go) | Easy | Array, String |
| [1108. Defanging an ip address](https://leetcode.com/problems/defanging-an-ip-address/) | [golang](/leetcode/defanging-an-ip-address/defanging-an-ip-address.go) | Easy | String |
| [1476. Subrectangle queries](https://leetcode.com/problems/subrectangle-queries/) | [golang](/leetcode/subrectangle-queries/subrectangle-queries.go) | Medium | Array, Design, Matrix |
| [347. Top k frequent elements](https://leetcode.com/problems/top-k-frequent-elements/) | [golang](/leetcode/top-k-frequent-elements/top-k-frequent-elements.go) | Medium | Array, Hash Table, Divide and Conquer, Sorting, Heap (Priority Queue), Bucket Sort, Counting, Quickselect |
| [17. Letter combinations of a phone number](https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/) | [golang](/leetcode/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number.go) | Medium | Hash Table, String, Backtracking |
| [682. Baseball game](https://leetcode.com/problems/baseball-game/) | [golang](/leetcode/baseball-game/baseball-game.go) | Easy | Array, Stack, Simulation |
| [980. Unique paths iii](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-paths-iii/) | [golang](/leetcode/unique-paths-iii/unique-paths-iii.go), [python](/leetcode/unique-paths-iii/unique-paths-iii.py) | Hard | Array, Backtracking, Bit Manipulation, Matrix |
| [1603. Design parking system](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-parking-system/) | [golang](/leetcode/design-parking-system/design-parking-system.go) | Easy | Design, Simulation, Counting |
| [1260. Shift 2d grid](https://leetcode.com/problems/shift-2d-grid/) | [golang](/leetcode/shift-2d-grid/shift-2d-grid.go) | Easy | Array, Matrix, Simulation |
| [289. Game of life](https://leetcode.com/problems/game-of-life/) | [golang](/leetcode/game-of-life/game-of-life.go) | Medium | Array, Matrix, Simulation |
| [59. Spiral matrix ii](https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix-ii/) | [golang](/leetcode/spiral-matrix-ii/spiral-matrix-ii.go) | Medium | Array, Matrix, Simulation |
| [1557. Minimum number of vertices to reach all nodes](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-vertices-to-reach-all-nodes/) | [golang](/leetcode/minimum-number-of-vertices-to-reach-all-nodes/minimum-number-of-vertices-to-reach-all-nodes.go) | Medium | Graph |
| [700. Search in a binary search tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-a-binary-search-tree/) | [golang](/leetcode/search-in-a-binary-search-tree/search-in-a-binary-search-tree.go) | Easy | Tree, Binary Search Tree, Binary Tree |
| [669. Trim a binary search tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/trim-a-binary-search-tree/) | [golang](/leetcode/trim-a-binary-search-tree/trim-a-binary-search-tree.go) | Medium | Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Search Tree, Binary Tree |
| [538. Convert bst to greater tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-bst-to-greater-tree/) | [golang](/leetcode/convert-bst-to-greater-tree/convert-bst-to-greater-tree.go) | Medium | Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Search Tree, Binary Tree |
| [2236. Root equals sum of children](https://leetcode.com/problems/root-equals-sum-of-children/) | [golang](/leetcode/root-equals-sum-of-children/root-equals-sum-of-children.go) | Easy | Tree, Binary Tree |
| [2235. Add two integers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-integers/) | [golang](/leetcode/add-two-integers/add-two-integers.go) | Easy | Math |
| [1470. Shuffle the array](https://leetcode.com/problems/shuffle-the-array/) | [golang](/leetcode/shuffle-the-array/shuffle-the-array.go) | Easy | Array |
| [912. Sort an array](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-an-array/) | [golang](/leetcode/sort-an-array/sort-an-array.go) | Medium | Array, Divide and Conquer, Sorting, Heap (Priority Queue), Merge Sort, Bucket Sort, Radix Sort, Counting Sort |
| [897. Increasing order search tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/increasing-order-search-tree/) | [golang](/leetcode/increasing-order-search-tree/increasing-order-search-tree.go) | Easy | Stack, Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Search Tree, Binary Tree |
| [230. Kth smallest element in a bst](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst/) | [golang](/leetcode/kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst/kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst.go) | Medium | Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Search Tree, Binary Tree |


## codeforces
| Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Tags |
|-|-|-|-|
| [112A. Petya and Strings](https://codeforces.com/contest/112/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/112A.py) | 800 | implementation, strings |
| [158A. Next Round](https://codeforces.com/contest/158/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/158A.py) | 800 | *special problem, implementation |
| [231A. Team](https://codeforces.com/contest/231/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/231A.py) | 800 | bruteforce, greedy |
| [236A. Boy or Girl](https://codeforces.com/contest/236/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/236A.py) | 800 | bruteforce, implementation, strings |
| [263A. Beautiful Matrix](https://codeforces.com/contest/263/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/263A.py) | 800 | implementation |
| [266A. Stones on the Table](https://codeforces.com/contest/266/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/266A.py) | 800 | implementation |
| [281A. Word Capitalization](https://codeforces.com/contest/281/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/281A.py) | 800 | implementation, strings |
| [282A. Bit++](https://codeforces.com/contest/282/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/282A.py) | 800 | implementation |
| [339A. Helpful Maths](https://codeforces.com/contest/339/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/339A.py) | 800 | greedy, implementation, sortings, strings |
| [4A. Watermelon](https://codeforces.com/contest/4/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/4A.py) | 800 | bruteforce, math |
| [50A. Domino piling](https://codeforces.com/contest/50/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/50A.py) | 800 | greedy, math |
| [546A. Soldier and Bananas](https://codeforces.com/contest/546/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/546A.py) | 800 | bruteforce, implementation, math |
| [71A. Way Too Long Words](https://codeforces.com/contest/71/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/71A.py) | 800 | strings |
| [133A. HQ9+](https://codeforces.com/contest/133/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/133A.py) | 900 | implementation |
| [160A. Twins](https://codeforces.com/contest/160/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/160A.py) | 900 | greedy, sortings |
| [318A. Even Odds](https://codeforces.com/contest/318/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/318A.py) | 900 | math |
| [580A. Kefa and First Steps](https://codeforces.com/contest/580/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/580A.py) | 900 | bruteforce, dp, implementation |
| [96A. Football](https://codeforces.com/contest/96/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/96A.py) | 900 | implementation, strings |
| [118A. String Task](https://codeforces.com/contest/118/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/118A.py) | 1000 | implementation, strings |
| [122A. Lucky Division](https://codeforces.com/contest/122/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/122A.py) | 1000 | bruteforce, number theory |
| [1A. Theatre Square](https://codeforces.com/contest/1/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/1A.py) | 1000 | math |
| [58A. Chat room](https://codeforces.com/contest/58/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/58A.py) | 1000 | greedy, strings |
| [69A. Young Physicist](https://codeforces.com/contest/69/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/69A.py) | 1000 | implementation, math |


## acm.timus.ru solutions
| Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Tags | University course module |
|-|-|-|-|-|
| [1005. Stone Pile](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1005) | [c++](/acm.timus/1005.cpp) | 84 | problem for beginners | 1 |
| [1155. Troubleduons](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1155) | [c++](/acm.timus/1155.cpp) | 305 |  | 1 |
| [1296. Hyperjump](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1296) | [c++](/acm.timus/1296.cpp) | 80 |  | 1 |
| [1401. Gamers](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1401) | [c++](/acm.timus/1401.cpp) | 321 |  | 1 |
| [2025. Line Fighting](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=2025) | [c++](/acm.timus/2025.cpp) | 77 |  | 1 |
| [1207. Median on the Plane](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1207) | [c++](/acm.timus/1207.cpp) | 177 | geometry | 2 |
| [1322. Spy](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1322) | [c++](/acm.timus/1322.cpp) | 324 |  | 2 |
| [1444. Elephpotamus](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1444) | [c++](/acm.timus/1444.cpp) | 639 | geometry | 2 |
| [1604. Country of Fools](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1604) | [c++](/acm.timus/1604.cpp) | 220 |  | 2 |
| [1726. Visits](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1726) | [c++](/acm.timus/1726.cpp) | 197 |  | 2 |
| [1067. Disk Tree](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1067) | [c++](/acm.timus/1067.cpp) | 486 | data structures | 3 |
| [1494. Monobilliards](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1494) | [c++](/acm.timus/1494.cpp) | 131 | data structures | 3 |
| [1521. War Games 2](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1521) | [c++](/acm.timus/1521.cpp) | 192 | data structures | 3 |
| [1628. White Streaks](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1628) | [c++](/acm.timus/1628.cpp) | 293 | data structures | 3 |
| [1650. Billionaires](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1650) | [c++](/acm.timus/1650.cpp) | 339 | data structures | 3 |
| [1080. Map Coloring](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1080) | [c++](/acm.timus/1080.cpp) | 229 | graph theory | 4 |
| [1160. Network](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1160) | [c++](/acm.timus/1160.cpp) | 226 | graph theory | 4 |
| [1162. Currency Exchange](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1162) | [c++](/acm.timus/1162.cpp) | 342 | graph theory | 4 |
| [1450. Russian Pipelines](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1450) | [c++](/acm.timus/1450.cpp) | 225 | graph theory | 4 |
| [1806. Mobile Telegraphs](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1806) | [c++](/acm.timus/1806.cpp) | 402 | graph theory | 4 |

Commit message:

Add minimum-number-of-operations-to-move-all-balls-to-each-box solution

README.md, after:

# solutions
This repo stores my problem-solving related code

## leetcode solutions

|Problem|Solution|Difficulty|Tags|
|-|-|-|-|
| [1. Two sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) | [golang](/leetcode/two-sum/two-sum.go) | Easy | Array, Hash Table |
| [9. Palindrome number](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/) | [golang](/leetcode/palindrome-number/palindrome-number.go) | Easy | Math |
| [2. Add two numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/) | [golang](/leetcode/add-two-numbers/add-two-numbers.go) | Medium | Linked List, Math, Recursion |
| [3. Longest substring without repeating characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/) | [golang](/leetcode/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters.go) | Medium | Hash Table, String, Sliding Window |
| [4. Median of two sorted arrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/median-of-two-sorted-arrays/) | [golang](/leetcode/median-of-two-sorted-arrays/median-of-two-sorted-arrays.go) | Hard | Array, Binary Search, Divide and Conquer |
| [14. Longest common prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/) | [golang](/leetcode/longest-common-prefix/longest-common-prefix.go) | Easy | String |
| [13. Roman to integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/) | [golang](/leetcode/roman-to-integer/roman-to-integer.go) | Easy | Hash Table, Math, String |
| [28. Implement strstr](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-strstr/) | [golang](/leetcode/implement-strstr/implement-strstr.go) | Easy | Two Pointers, String, String Matching |
| [459. Repeated substring pattern](https://leetcode.com/problems/repeated-substring-pattern/) | [golang](/leetcode/repeated-substring-pattern/repeated-substring-pattern.go) | Easy | String, String Matching |
| [37. Sudoku solver](https://leetcode.com/problems/sudoku-solver/) | [golang](/leetcode/sudoku-solver/sudoku-solver.go) | Hard | Array, Backtracking, Matrix |
| [36. Valid sudoku](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-sudoku/) | [golang](/leetcode/valid-sudoku/valid-sudoku.go) | Medium | Array, Hash Table, Matrix |
| [8. String to integer atoi](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-to-integer-atoi/) | [golang](/leetcode/string-to-integer-atoi/string-to-integer-atoi.go) | Medium | String |
| [2042. Check if numbers are ascending in a sentence](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-numbers-are-ascending-in-a-sentence/) | [golang](/leetcode/check-if-numbers-are-ascending-in-a-sentence/check-if-numbers-are-ascending-in-a-sentence.go) | Easy | String |
| [53. Maximum subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/) | [golang](/leetcode/maximum-subarray/maximum-subarray.go) | Easy | Array, Divide and Conquer, Dynamic Programming |
| [192. Word frequency](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-frequency/) | [bash](/leetcode/word-frequency/word-frequency.sh) | Medium | Shell |
| [338. Counting bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/counting-bits/) | [golang](/leetcode/counting-bits/counting-bits.go) | Easy | Dynamic Programming, Bit Manipulation |
| [33. Search in rotated sorted array](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/) | [golang](/leetcode/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/search-in-rotated-sorted-array.go) | Medium | Array, Binary Search |
| [70. Climbing stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/) | [golang](/leetcode/climbing-stairs/climbing-stairs.go) | Easy | Math, Dynamic Programming, Memoization |
| [118. Pascals triangle](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle/) | [golang](/leetcode/pascals-triangle/pascals-triangle.go) | Easy | Array, Dynamic Programming |
| [75. Sort colors](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-colors/) | [golang](/leetcode/sort-colors/sort-colors.go) | Medium | Array, Two Pointers, Sorting |
| [15. 3sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/) | [golang](/leetcode/3sum/3sum.go) | Medium | Array, Two Pointers, Sorting |
| [392. Is subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/is-subsequence/) | [golang](/leetcode/is-subsequence/is-subsequence.go) | Easy | Two Pointers, String, Dynamic Programming |
| [20. Valid parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/) | [golang](/leetcode/valid-parentheses/valid-parentheses.go) | Easy | String, Stack |
| [71. Simplify path](https://leetcode.com/problems/simplify-path/) | [golang](/leetcode/simplify-path/simplify-path.go) | Medium | String, Stack |
| [413. Arithmetic slices](https://leetcode.com/problems/arithmetic-slices/) | [golang](/leetcode/arithmetic-slices/arithmetic-slices.go) | Medium | Array, Dynamic Programming |
| [21. Merge two sorted lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/) | [golang](/leetcode/merge-two-sorted-lists/merge-two-sorted-lists.go) | Easy | Linked List, Recursion |
| [141. Linked list cycle](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/) | [golang](/leetcode/linked-list-cycle/linked-list-cycle.go) | Easy | Hash Table, Linked List, Two Pointers |
| [344. Reverse string](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/) | [golang](/leetcode/reverse-string/reverse-string.go) | Easy | Two Pointers, String, Recursion |
| [680. Valid palindrome ii](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome-ii/) | [golang](/leetcode/valid-palindrome-ii/valid-palindrome-ii.go) | Easy | Two Pointers, String, Greedy |
| [1791. Find center of star graph](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-center-of-star-graph/) | [golang](/leetcode/find-center-of-star-graph/find-center-of-star-graph.go) | Easy | Graph |
| [797. All paths from source to target](https://leetcode.com/problems/all-paths-from-source-to-target/) | [golang](/leetcode/all-paths-from-source-to-target/all-paths-from-source-to-target.go) | Medium | Backtracking, Depth-First Search, Breadth-First Search, Graph |
| [31. Next permutation](https://leetcode.com/problems/next-permutation/) | [golang](/leetcode/next-permutation/next-permutation.go) | Medium | Array, Two Pointers |
| [1920. Build array from permutation](https://leetcode.com/problems/build-array-from-permutation/) | [golang](/leetcode/build-array-from-permutation/build-array-from-permutation.go) | Easy | Array, Simulation |
| [1929. Concatenation of array](https://leetcode.com/problems/concatenation-of-array/) | [golang](/leetcode/concatenation-of-array/concatenation-of-array.go) | Easy | Array |
| [1721. Swapping nodes in a linked list](https://leetcode.com/problems/swapping-nodes-in-a-linked-list/) | [golang](/leetcode/swapping-nodes-in-a-linked-list/swapping-nodes-in-a-linked-list.go) | Medium | Linked List, Two Pointers |
| [11. Container with most water](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/) | [golang](/leetcode/container-with-most-water/container-with-most-water.go) | Medium | Array, Two Pointers, Greedy |
| [923. 3sum with multiplicity](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum-with-multiplicity/) | [golang](/leetcode/3sum-with-multiplicity/3sum-with-multiplicity.go) | Medium | Array, Hash Table, Two Pointers, Sorting, Counting |
| [1046. Last stone weight](https://leetcode.com/problems/last-stone-weight/) | [golang](/leetcode/last-stone-weight/last-stone-weight.go) | Easy | Array, Heap (Priority Queue) |
| [146. Lru cache](https://leetcode.com/problems/lru-cache/) | [golang](/leetcode/lru-cache/lru-cache.go) | Medium | Hash Table, Linked List, Design, Doubly-Linked List |
| [703. Kth largest element in a stream](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-largest-element-in-a-stream/) | [golang](/leetcode/kth-largest-element-in-a-stream/kth-largest-element-in-a-stream.go) | Easy | Tree, Design, Binary Search Tree, Heap (Priority Queue), Binary Tree, Data Stream |
| [460. Lfu cache](https://leetcode.com/problems/lfu-cache/) | [golang](/leetcode/lfu-cache/lfu-cache.go) | Hard | Hash Table, Linked List, Design, Doubly-Linked List |
| [1480. Running sum of 1d array](https://leetcode.com/problems/running-sum-of-1d-array/) | [golang](/leetcode/running-sum-of-1d-array/running-sum-of-1d-array.go) | Easy | Array, Prefix Sum |
| [1672. Richest customer wealth](https://leetcode.com/problems/richest-customer-wealth/) | [golang](/leetcode/richest-customer-wealth/richest-customer-wealth.go) | Easy | Array, Matrix |
| [2011. Final value of variable after performing operations](https://leetcode.com/problems/final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations/) | [golang](/leetcode/final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations/final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations.go) | Easy | Array, String, Simulation |
| [2114. Maximum number of words found in sentences](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-number-of-words-found-in-sentences/) | [golang](/leetcode/maximum-number-of-words-found-in-sentences/maximum-number-of-words-found-in-sentences.go) | Easy | Array, String |
| [1108. Defanging an ip address](https://leetcode.com/problems/defanging-an-ip-address/) | [golang](/leetcode/defanging-an-ip-address/defanging-an-ip-address.go) | Easy | String |
| [1476. Subrectangle queries](https://leetcode.com/problems/subrectangle-queries/) | [golang](/leetcode/subrectangle-queries/subrectangle-queries.go) | Medium | Array, Design, Matrix |
| [347. Top k frequent elements](https://leetcode.com/problems/top-k-frequent-elements/) | [golang](/leetcode/top-k-frequent-elements/top-k-frequent-elements.go) | Medium | Array, Hash Table, Divide and Conquer, Sorting, Heap (Priority Queue), Bucket Sort, Counting, Quickselect |
| [17. Letter combinations of a phone number](https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/) | [golang](/leetcode/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number.go) | Medium | Hash Table, String, Backtracking |
| [682. Baseball game](https://leetcode.com/problems/baseball-game/) | [golang](/leetcode/baseball-game/baseball-game.go) | Easy | Array, Stack, Simulation |
| [980. Unique paths iii](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-paths-iii/) | [golang](/leetcode/unique-paths-iii/unique-paths-iii.go), [python](/leetcode/unique-paths-iii/unique-paths-iii.py) | Hard | Array, Backtracking, Bit Manipulation, Matrix |
| [1603. Design parking system](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-parking-system/) | [golang](/leetcode/design-parking-system/design-parking-system.go) | Easy | Design, Simulation, Counting |
| [1260. Shift 2d grid](https://leetcode.com/problems/shift-2d-grid/) | [golang](/leetcode/shift-2d-grid/shift-2d-grid.go) | Easy | Array, Matrix, Simulation |
| [289. Game of life](https://leetcode.com/problems/game-of-life/) | [golang](/leetcode/game-of-life/game-of-life.go) | Medium | Array, Matrix, Simulation |
| [59. Spiral matrix ii](https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix-ii/) | [golang](/leetcode/spiral-matrix-ii/spiral-matrix-ii.go) | Medium | Array, Matrix, Simulation |
| [1557. Minimum number of vertices to reach all nodes](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-vertices-to-reach-all-nodes/) | [golang](/leetcode/minimum-number-of-vertices-to-reach-all-nodes/minimum-number-of-vertices-to-reach-all-nodes.go) | Medium | Graph |
| [700. Search in a binary search tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-a-binary-search-tree/) | [golang](/leetcode/search-in-a-binary-search-tree/search-in-a-binary-search-tree.go) | Easy | Tree, Binary Search Tree, Binary Tree |
| [669. Trim a binary search tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/trim-a-binary-search-tree/) | [golang](/leetcode/trim-a-binary-search-tree/trim-a-binary-search-tree.go) | Medium | Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Search Tree, Binary Tree |
| [538. Convert bst to greater tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-bst-to-greater-tree/) | [golang](/leetcode/convert-bst-to-greater-tree/convert-bst-to-greater-tree.go) | Medium | Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Search Tree, Binary Tree |
| [2236. Root equals sum of children](https://leetcode.com/problems/root-equals-sum-of-children/) | [golang](/leetcode/root-equals-sum-of-children/root-equals-sum-of-children.go) | Easy | Tree, Binary Tree |
| [2235. Add two integers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-integers/) | [golang](/leetcode/add-two-integers/add-two-integers.go) | Easy | Math |
| [1470. Shuffle the array](https://leetcode.com/problems/shuffle-the-array/) | [golang](/leetcode/shuffle-the-array/shuffle-the-array.go) | Easy | Array |
| [912. Sort an array](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-an-array/) | [golang](/leetcode/sort-an-array/sort-an-array.go) | Medium | Array, Divide and Conquer, Sorting, Heap (Priority Queue), Merge Sort, Bucket Sort, Radix Sort, Counting Sort |
| [897. Increasing order search tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/increasing-order-search-tree/) | [golang](/leetcode/increasing-order-search-tree/increasing-order-search-tree.go) | Easy | Stack, Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Search Tree, Binary Tree |
| [230. Kth smallest element in a bst](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst/) | [golang](/leetcode/kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst/kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst.go) | Medium | Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Search Tree, Binary Tree |
| [1769. Minimum number of operations to move all balls to each box](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-operations-to-move-all-balls-to-each-box/) | [golang](/leetcode/minimum-number-of-operations-to-move-all-balls-to-each-box/minimum-number-of-operations-to-move-all-balls-to-each-box.go) | Medium | Array, String |


## codeforces
| Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Tags |
|-|-|-|-|
| [112A. Petya and Strings](https://codeforces.com/contest/112/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/112A.py) | 800 | implementation, strings |
| [158A. Next Round](https://codeforces.com/contest/158/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/158A.py) | 800 | *special problem, implementation |
| [231A. Team](https://codeforces.com/contest/231/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/231A.py) | 800 | bruteforce, greedy |
| [236A. Boy or Girl](https://codeforces.com/contest/236/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/236A.py) | 800 | bruteforce, implementation, strings |
| [263A. Beautiful Matrix](https://codeforces.com/contest/263/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/263A.py) | 800 | implementation |
| [266A. Stones on the Table](https://codeforces.com/contest/266/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/266A.py) | 800 | implementation |
| [281A. Word Capitalization](https://codeforces.com/contest/281/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/281A.py) | 800 | implementation, strings |
| [282A. Bit++](https://codeforces.com/contest/282/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/282A.py) | 800 | implementation |
| [339A. Helpful Maths](https://codeforces.com/contest/339/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/339A.py) | 800 | greedy, implementation, sortings, strings |
| [4A. Watermelon](https://codeforces.com/contest/4/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/4A.py) | 800 | bruteforce, math |
| [50A. Domino piling](https://codeforces.com/contest/50/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/50A.py) | 800 | greedy, math |
| [546A. Soldier and Bananas](https://codeforces.com/contest/546/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/546A.py) | 800 | bruteforce, implementation, math |
| [71A. Way Too Long Words](https://codeforces.com/contest/71/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/71A.py) | 800 | strings |
| [133A. HQ9+](https://codeforces.com/contest/133/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/133A.py) | 900 | implementation |
| [160A. Twins](https://codeforces.com/contest/160/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/160A.py) | 900 | greedy, sortings |
| [318A. Even Odds](https://codeforces.com/contest/318/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/318A.py) | 900 | math |
| [580A. Kefa and First Steps](https://codeforces.com/contest/580/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/580A.py) | 900 | bruteforce, dp, implementation |
| [96A. Football](https://codeforces.com/contest/96/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/96A.py) | 900 | implementation, strings |
| [118A. String Task](https://codeforces.com/contest/118/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/118A.py) | 1000 | implementation, strings |
| [122A. Lucky Division](https://codeforces.com/contest/122/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/122A.py) | 1000 | bruteforce, number theory |
| [1A. Theatre Square](https://codeforces.com/contest/1/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/1A.py) | 1000 | math |
| [58A. Chat room](https://codeforces.com/contest/58/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/58A.py) | 1000 | greedy, strings |
| [69A. Young Physicist](https://codeforces.com/contest/69/problem/A) | [python](/codeforces/69A.py) | 1000 | implementation, math |


## acm.timus.ru solutions
| Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Tags | University course module |
|-|-|-|-|-|
| [1005. Stone Pile](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1005) | [c++](/acm.timus/1005.cpp) | 84 | problem for beginners | 1 |
| [1155. Troubleduons](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1155) | [c++](/acm.timus/1155.cpp) | 305 |  | 1 |
| [1296. Hyperjump](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1296) | [c++](/acm.timus/1296.cpp) | 80 |  | 1 |
| [1401. Gamers](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1401) | [c++](/acm.timus/1401.cpp) | 321 |  | 1 |
| [2025. Line Fighting](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=2025) | [c++](/acm.timus/2025.cpp) | 77 |  | 1 |
| [1207. Median on the Plane](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1207) | [c++](/acm.timus/1207.cpp) | 177 | geometry | 2 |
| [1322. Spy](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1322) | [c++](/acm.timus/1322.cpp) | 324 |  | 2 |
| [1444. Elephpotamus](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1444) | [c++](/acm.timus/1444.cpp) | 639 | geometry | 2 |
| [1604. Country of Fools](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1604) | [c++](/acm.timus/1604.cpp) | 220 |  | 2 |
| [1726. Visits](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1726) | [c++](/acm.timus/1726.cpp) | 197 |  | 2 |
| [1067. Disk Tree](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1067) | [c++](/acm.timus/1067.cpp) | 486 | data structures | 3 |
| [1494. Monobilliards](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1494) | [c++](/acm.timus/1494.cpp) | 131 | data structures | 3 |
| [1521. War Games 2](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1521) | [c++](/acm.timus/1521.cpp) | 192 | data structures | 3 |
| [1628. White Streaks](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1628) | [c++](/acm.timus/1628.cpp) | 293 | data structures | 3 |
| [1650. Billionaires](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1650) | [c++](/acm.timus/1650.cpp) | 339 | data structures | 3 |
| [1080. Map Coloring](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1080) | [c++](/acm.timus/1080.cpp) | 229 | graph theory | 4 |
| [1160. Network](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1160) | [c++](/acm.timus/1160.cpp) | 226 | graph theory | 4 |
| [1162. Currency Exchange](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1162) | [c++](/acm.timus/1162.cpp) | 342 | graph theory | 4 |
| [1450. Russian Pipelines](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1450) | [c++](/acm.timus/1450.cpp) | 225 | graph theory | 4 |
| [1806. Mobile Telegraphs](https://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?num=1806) | [c++](/acm.timus/1806.cpp) | 402 | graph theory | 4 |
