leetcode/README.md, before:

## leetcode
    
Problems solved in total: 91

| Solutions by difficulty | Solutions by tags |
|-|-|
| ![by diffs](https://github.com/dimaglushkov/solutions/blob/master/leetcode/.by_diff.svg) | ![by tags](https://github.com/dimaglushkov/solutions/blob/master/leetcode/.by_tags.svg) |
 
|Problem|Solution|Difficulty|Tags|
|-|-|-|-|
| [1. Two sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) | [golang](/leetcode/two-sum/two-sum.go) | Easy | Array, Hash Table |
| [9. Palindrome number](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/) | [golang](/leetcode/palindrome-number/palindrome-number.go) | Easy | Math |
| [2. Add two numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/) | [golang](/leetcode/add-two-numbers/add-two-numbers.go) | Medium | Linked List, Math, Recursion |
| [3. Longest substring without repeating characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/) | [golang](/leetcode/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters.go) | Medium | Hash Table, String, Sliding Window |
| [4. Median of two sorted arrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/median-of-two-sorted-arrays/) | [golang](/leetcode/median-of-two-sorted-arrays/median-of-two-sorted-arrays.go) | Hard | Array, Binary Search, Divide and Conquer |
| [14. Longest common prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/) | [golang](/leetcode/longest-common-prefix/longest-common-prefix.go) | Easy | String |
| [13. Roman to integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/) | [golang](/leetcode/roman-to-integer/roman-to-integer.go) | Easy | Hash Table, Math, String |
| [28. Implement strstr](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-strstr/) | [golang](/leetcode/implement-strstr/implement-strstr.go) | Easy | Two Pointers, String, String Matching |
| [459. Repeated substring pattern](https://leetcode.com/problems/repeated-substring-pattern/) | [golang](/leetcode/repeated-substring-pattern/repeated-substring-pattern.go) | Easy | String, String Matching |
| [37. Sudoku solver](https://leetcode.com/problems/sudoku-solver/) | [golang](/leetcode/sudoku-solver/sudoku-solver.go) | Hard | Array, Backtracking, Matrix |
| [36. Valid sudoku](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-sudoku/) | [golang](/leetcode/valid-sudoku/valid-sudoku.go) | Medium | Array, Hash Table, Matrix |
| [8. String to integer atoi](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-to-integer-atoi/) | [golang](/leetcode/string-to-integer-atoi/string-to-integer-atoi.go) | Medium | String |
| [2042. Check if numbers are ascending in a sentence](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-numbers-are-ascending-in-a-sentence/) | [golang](/leetcode/check-if-numbers-are-ascending-in-a-sentence/check-if-numbers-are-ascending-in-a-sentence.go) | Easy | String |
| [53. Maximum subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/) | [golang](/leetcode/maximum-subarray/maximum-subarray.go) | Easy | Array, Divide and Conquer, Dynamic Programming |
| [192. Word frequency](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-frequency/) | [bash](/leetcode/word-frequency/word-frequency.sh) | Medium | Shell |
| [338. Counting bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/counting-bits/) | [golang](/leetcode/counting-bits/counting-bits.go) | Easy | Dynamic Programming, Bit Manipulation |
| [33. Search in rotated sorted array](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/) | [golang](/leetcode/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/search-in-rotated-sorted-array.go) | Medium | Array, Binary Search |
| [70. Climbing stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/) | [golang](/leetcode/climbing-stairs/climbing-stairs.go) | Easy | Math, Dynamic Programming, Memoization |
| [118. Pascals triangle](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle/) | [golang](/leetcode/pascals-triangle/pascals-triangle.go) | Easy | Array, Dynamic Programming |
| [75. Sort colors](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-colors/) | [golang](/leetcode/sort-colors/sort-colors.go) | Medium | Array, Two Pointers, Sorting |
| [15. 3sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/) | [golang](/leetcode/3sum/3sum.go) | Medium | Array, Two Pointers, Sorting |
| [392. Is subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/is-subsequence/) | [golang](/leetcode/is-subsequence/is-subsequence.go) | Easy | Two Pointers, String, Dynamic Programming |
| [20. Valid parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/) | [golang](/leetcode/valid-parentheses/valid-parentheses.go) | Easy | String, Stack |
| [71. Simplify path](https://leetcode.com/problems/simplify-path/) | [golang](/leetcode/simplify-path/simplify-path.go) | Medium | String, Stack |
| [413. Arithmetic slices](https://leetcode.com/problems/arithmetic-slices/) | [golang](/leetcode/arithmetic-slices/arithmetic-slices.go) | Medium | Array, Dynamic Programming |
| [21. Merge two sorted lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/) | [golang](/leetcode/merge-two-sorted-lists/merge-two-sorted-lists.go) | Easy | Linked List, Recursion |
| [141. Linked list cycle](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/) | [golang](/leetcode/linked-list-cycle/linked-list-cycle.go) | Easy | Hash Table, Linked List, Two Pointers |
| [344. Reverse string](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/) | [golang](/leetcode/reverse-string/reverse-string.go) | Easy | Two Pointers, String, Recursion |
| [680. Valid palindrome ii](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome-ii/) | [golang](/leetcode/valid-palindrome-ii/valid-palindrome-ii.go) | Easy | Two Pointers, String, Greedy |
| [1791. Find center of star graph](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-center-of-star-graph/) | [golang](/leetcode/find-center-of-star-graph/find-center-of-star-graph.go) | Easy | Graph |
| [797. All paths from source to target](https://leetcode.com/problems/all-paths-from-source-to-target/) | [golang](/leetcode/all-paths-from-source-to-target/all-paths-from-source-to-target.go) | Medium | Backtracking, Depth-First Search, Breadth-First Search, Graph |
| [31. Next permutation](https://leetcode.com/problems/next-permutation/) | [golang](/leetcode/next-permutation/next-permutation.go) | Medium | Array, Two Pointers |
| [1920. Build array from permutation](https://leetcode.com/problems/build-array-from-permutation/) | [golang](/leetcode/build-array-from-permutation/build-array-from-permutation.go) | Easy | Array, Simulation |
| [1929. Concatenation of array](https://leetcode.com/problems/concatenation-of-array/) | [golang](/leetcode/concatenation-of-array/concatenation-of-array.go) | Easy | Array |
| [1721. Swapping nodes in a linked list](https://leetcode.com/problems/swapping-nodes-in-a-linked-list/) | [golang](/leetcode/swapping-nodes-in-a-linked-list/swapping-nodes-in-a-linked-list.go) | Medium | Linked List, Two Pointers |
| [11. Container with most water](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/) | [golang](/leetcode/container-with-most-water/container-with-most-water.go) | Medium | Array, Two Pointers, Greedy |
| [923. 3sum with multiplicity](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum-with-multiplicity/) | [golang](/leetcode/3sum-with-multiplicity/3sum-with-multiplicity.go) | Medium | Array, Hash Table, Two Pointers, Sorting, Counting |
| [1046. Last stone weight](https://leetcode.com/problems/last-stone-weight/) | [golang](/leetcode/last-stone-weight/last-stone-weight.go) | Easy | Array, Heap (Priority Queue) |
| [146. Lru cache](https://leetcode.com/problems/lru-cache/) | [golang](/leetcode/lru-cache/lru-cache.go) | Medium | Hash Table, Linked List, Design, Doubly-Linked List |
| [703. Kth largest element in a stream](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-largest-element-in-a-stream/) | [golang](/leetcode/kth-largest-element-in-a-stream/kth-largest-element-in-a-stream.go) | Easy | Tree, Design, Binary Search Tree, Heap (Priority Queue), Binary Tree, Data Stream |
| [460. Lfu cache](https://leetcode.com/problems/lfu-cache/) | [golang](/leetcode/lfu-cache/lfu-cache.go) | Hard | Hash Table, Linked List, Design, Doubly-Linked List |
| [1480. Running sum of 1d array](https://leetcode.com/problems/running-sum-of-1d-array/) | [golang](/leetcode/running-sum-of-1d-array/running-sum-of-1d-array.go) | Easy | Array, Prefix Sum |
| [1672. Richest customer wealth](https://leetcode.com/problems/richest-customer-wealth/) | [golang](/leetcode/richest-customer-wealth/richest-customer-wealth.go) | Easy | Array, Matrix |
| [2011. Final value of variable after performing operations](https://leetcode.com/problems/final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations/) | [golang](/leetcode/final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations/final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations.go) | Easy | Array, String, Simulation |
| [2114. Maximum number of words found in sentences](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-number-of-words-found-in-sentences/) | [golang](/leetcode/maximum-number-of-words-found-in-sentences/maximum-number-of-words-found-in-sentences.go) | Easy | Array, String |
| [1108. Defanging an ip address](https://leetcode.com/problems/defanging-an-ip-address/) | [golang](/leetcode/defanging-an-ip-address/defanging-an-ip-address.go) | Easy | String |
| [1476. Subrectangle queries](https://leetcode.com/problems/subrectangle-queries/) | [golang](/leetcode/subrectangle-queries/subrectangle-queries.go) | Medium | Array, Design, Matrix |
| [347. Top k frequent elements](https://leetcode.com/problems/top-k-frequent-elements/) | [golang](/leetcode/top-k-frequent-elements/top-k-frequent-elements.go) | Medium | Array, Hash Table, Divide and Conquer, Sorting, Heap (Priority Queue), Bucket Sort, Counting, Quickselect |
| [17. Letter combinations of a phone number](https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/) | [golang](/leetcode/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number.go) | Medium | Hash Table, String, Backtracking |
| [682. Baseball game](https://leetcode.com/problems/baseball-game/) | [golang](/leetcode/baseball-game/baseball-game.go) | Easy | Array, Stack, Simulation |
| [980. Unique paths iii](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-paths-iii/) | [golang](/leetcode/unique-paths-iii/unique-paths-iii.go), [python](/leetcode/unique-paths-iii/unique-paths-iii.py) | Hard | Array, Backtracking, Bit Manipulation, Matrix |
| [1603. Design parking system](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-parking-system/) | [golang](/leetcode/design-parking-system/design-parking-system.go) | Easy | Design, Simulation, Counting |
| [1260. Shift 2d grid](https://leetcode.com/problems/shift-2d-grid/) | [golang](/leetcode/shift-2d-grid/shift-2d-grid.go) | Easy | Array, Matrix, Simulation |
| [289. Game of life](https://leetcode.com/problems/game-of-life/) | [golang](/leetcode/game-of-life/game-of-life.go) | Medium | Array, Matrix, Simulation |
| [59. Spiral matrix ii](https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix-ii/) | [golang](/leetcode/spiral-matrix-ii/spiral-matrix-ii.go) | Medium | Array, Matrix, Simulation |
| [1557. Minimum number of vertices to reach all nodes](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-vertices-to-reach-all-nodes/) | [golang](/leetcode/minimum-number-of-vertices-to-reach-all-nodes/minimum-number-of-vertices-to-reach-all-nodes.go) | Medium | Graph |
| [700. Search in a binary search tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-a-binary-search-tree/) | [golang](/leetcode/search-in-a-binary-search-tree/search-in-a-binary-search-tree.go) | Easy | Tree, Binary Search Tree, Binary Tree |
| [669. Trim a binary search tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/trim-a-binary-search-tree/) | [golang](/leetcode/trim-a-binary-search-tree/trim-a-binary-search-tree.go) | Medium | Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Search Tree, Binary Tree |
| [538. Convert bst to greater tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-bst-to-greater-tree/) | [golang](/leetcode/convert-bst-to-greater-tree/convert-bst-to-greater-tree.go) | Medium | Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Search Tree, Binary Tree |
| [2236. Root equals sum of children](https://leetcode.com/problems/root-equals-sum-of-children/) | [golang](/leetcode/root-equals-sum-of-children/root-equals-sum-of-children.go) | Easy | Tree, Binary Tree |
| [2235. Add two integers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-integers/) | [golang](/leetcode/add-two-integers/add-two-integers.go) | Easy | Math |
| [1470. Shuffle the array](https://leetcode.com/problems/shuffle-the-array/) | [golang](/leetcode/shuffle-the-array/shuffle-the-array.go) | Easy | Array |
| [912. Sort an array](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-an-array/) | [golang](/leetcode/sort-an-array/sort-an-array.go) | Medium | Array, Divide and Conquer, Sorting, Heap (Priority Queue), Merge Sort, Bucket Sort, Radix Sort, Counting Sort |
| [897. Increasing order search tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/increasing-order-search-tree/) | [golang](/leetcode/increasing-order-search-tree/increasing-order-search-tree.go) | Easy | Stack, Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Search Tree, Binary Tree |
| [230. Kth smallest element in a bst](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst/) | [golang](/leetcode/kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst/kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst.go) | Medium | Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Search Tree, Binary Tree |
| [1769. Minimum number of operations to move all balls to each box](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-operations-to-move-all-balls-to-each-box/) | [golang](/leetcode/minimum-number-of-operations-to-move-all-balls-to-each-box/minimum-number-of-operations-to-move-all-balls-to-each-box.go) | Medium | Array, String |
| [1137. N th tribonacci number](https://leetcode.com/problems/n-th-tribonacci-number/) | [golang](/leetcode/n-th-tribonacci-number/n-th-tribonacci-number.go) | Easy | Math, Dynamic Programming, Memoization |
| [139. Word break](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-break/) | [golang](/leetcode/word-break/word-break.go) | Medium | Hash Table, String, Dynamic Programming, Trie, Memoization |
| [509. Fibonacci number](https://leetcode.com/problems/fibonacci-number/) | [golang](/leetcode/fibonacci-number/fibonacci-number.go) | Easy | Math, Dynamic Programming, Recursion, Memoization |
| [1614. Maximum nesting depth of the parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-nesting-depth-of-the-parentheses/) | [golang](/leetcode/maximum-nesting-depth-of-the-parentheses/maximum-nesting-depth-of-the-parentheses.go) | Easy | String, Stack |
| [99. Recover binary search tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/recover-binary-search-tree/) | [golang](/leetcode/recover-binary-search-tree/recover-binary-search-tree.go) | Medium | Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Search Tree, Binary Tree |
| [173. Binary search tree iterator](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search-tree-iterator/) | [golang](/leetcode/binary-search-tree-iterator/binary-search-tree-iterator.go) | Medium | Stack, Tree, Design, Binary Search Tree, Binary Tree, Iterator |
| [69. Sqrtx](https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/) | [golang](/leetcode/sqrtx/sqrtx.go) | Easy | Math, Binary Search |
| [7. Reverse integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer/) | [golang](/leetcode/reverse-integer/reverse-integer.go) | Medium | Math |
| [18. 4sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/4sum/) | [golang](/leetcode/4sum/4sum.go) | Medium | Array, Two Pointers, Sorting |
| [695. Max area of island](https://leetcode.com/problems/max-area-of-island/) | [golang](/leetcode/max-area-of-island/max-area-of-island.go) | Medium | Array, Depth-First Search, Breadth-First Search, Union Find, Matrix |
| [153. Find minimum in rotated sorted array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/) | [golang](/leetcode/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array.go) | Medium | Array, Binary Search |
| [705. Design hashset](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-hashset/) | [golang](/leetcode/design-hashset/design-hashset.go) | Easy | Array, Hash Table, Linked List, Design, Hash Function |
| [706. Design hashmap](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-hashmap/) | [golang](/leetcode/design-hashmap/design-hashmap.go) | Easy | Array, Hash Table, Linked List, Design, Hash Function |
| [535. Encode and decode tinyurl](https://leetcode.com/problems/encode-and-decode-tinyurl/) | [golang](/leetcode/encode-and-decode-tinyurl/encode-and-decode-tinyurl.go) | Medium | Hash Table, String, Design, Hash Function |
| [187. Repeated dna sequences](https://leetcode.com/problems/repeated-dna-sequences/) | [golang](/leetcode/repeated-dna-sequences/repeated-dna-sequences.go) | Medium | Hash Table, String, Bit Manipulation, Sliding Window, Rolling Hash, Hash Function |
| [6. Zigzag conversion](https://leetcode.com/problems/zigzag-conversion/) | [golang](/leetcode/zigzag-conversion/zigzag-conversion.go) | Medium | String |
| [5. Longest palindromic substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindromic-substring/) | [golang](/leetcode/longest-palindromic-substring/longest-palindromic-substring.go) | Medium | String, Dynamic Programming |
| [2181. Merge nodes in between zeros](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-nodes-in-between-zeros/) | [golang](/leetcode/merge-nodes-in-between-zeros/merge-nodes-in-between-zeros.go) | Medium | Linked List, Simulation |
| [1396. Design underground system](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-underground-system/) | [golang](/leetcode/design-underground-system/design-underground-system.go) | Medium | Hash Table, String, Design |
| [23. Merge k sorted lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists/) | [golang](/leetcode/merge-k-sorted-lists/merge-k-sorted-lists.go) | Hard | Linked List, Divide and Conquer, Heap (Priority Queue), Merge Sort |
| [16. 3sum closest](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum-closest/) | [golang](/leetcode/3sum-closest/3sum-closest.go) | Medium | Array, Two Pointers, Sorting |
| [2248. Intersection of multiple arrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-multiple-arrays/) | [golang](/leetcode/intersection-of-multiple-arrays/intersection-of-multiple-arrays.go) | Easy |  |
| [2249. Count lattice points inside a circle](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-lattice-points-inside-a-circle/) | [golang](/leetcode/count-lattice-points-inside-a-circle/count-lattice-points-inside-a-circle.go) | Medium |  |
| [2250. Count number of rectangles containing each point](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-number-of-rectangles-containing-each-point/) | [golang](/leetcode/count-number-of-rectangles-containing-each-point/count-number-of-rectangles-containing-each-point.go) | Medium |  |
| [284. Peeking iterator](https://leetcode.com/problems/peeking-iterator/) | [golang](/leetcode/peeking-iterator/peeking-iterator.go) | Medium | Array, Design, Iterator |

Commit message:

Add remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list solution

leetcode/README.md, after:

## leetcode
    
Problems solved in total: 92

| Solutions by difficulty | Solutions by tags |
|-|-|
| ![by diffs](https://github.com/dimaglushkov/solutions/blob/master/leetcode/.by_diff.svg) | ![by tags](https://github.com/dimaglushkov/solutions/blob/master/leetcode/.by_tags.svg) |
 
|Problem|Solution|Difficulty|Tags|
|-|-|-|-|
| [1. Two sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) | [golang](/leetcode/two-sum/two-sum.go) | Easy | Array, Hash Table |
| [9. Palindrome number](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/) | [golang](/leetcode/palindrome-number/palindrome-number.go) | Easy | Math |
| [2. Add two numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/) | [golang](/leetcode/add-two-numbers/add-two-numbers.go) | Medium | Linked List, Math, Recursion |
| [3. Longest substring without repeating characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/) | [golang](/leetcode/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters.go) | Medium | Hash Table, String, Sliding Window |
| [4. Median of two sorted arrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/median-of-two-sorted-arrays/) | [golang](/leetcode/median-of-two-sorted-arrays/median-of-two-sorted-arrays.go) | Hard | Array, Binary Search, Divide and Conquer |
| [14. Longest common prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/) | [golang](/leetcode/longest-common-prefix/longest-common-prefix.go) | Easy | String |
| [13. Roman to integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/) | [golang](/leetcode/roman-to-integer/roman-to-integer.go) | Easy | Hash Table, Math, String |
| [28. Implement strstr](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-strstr/) | [golang](/leetcode/implement-strstr/implement-strstr.go) | Easy | Two Pointers, String, String Matching |
| [459. Repeated substring pattern](https://leetcode.com/problems/repeated-substring-pattern/) | [golang](/leetcode/repeated-substring-pattern/repeated-substring-pattern.go) | Easy | String, String Matching |
| [37. Sudoku solver](https://leetcode.com/problems/sudoku-solver/) | [golang](/leetcode/sudoku-solver/sudoku-solver.go) | Hard | Array, Backtracking, Matrix |
| [36. Valid sudoku](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-sudoku/) | [golang](/leetcode/valid-sudoku/valid-sudoku.go) | Medium | Array, Hash Table, Matrix |
| [8. String to integer atoi](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-to-integer-atoi/) | [golang](/leetcode/string-to-integer-atoi/string-to-integer-atoi.go) | Medium | String |
| [2042. Check if numbers are ascending in a sentence](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-numbers-are-ascending-in-a-sentence/) | [golang](/leetcode/check-if-numbers-are-ascending-in-a-sentence/check-if-numbers-are-ascending-in-a-sentence.go) | Easy | String |
| [53. Maximum subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/) | [golang](/leetcode/maximum-subarray/maximum-subarray.go) | Easy | Array, Divide and Conquer, Dynamic Programming |
| [192. Word frequency](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-frequency/) | [bash](/leetcode/word-frequency/word-frequency.sh) | Medium | Shell |
| [338. Counting bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/counting-bits/) | [golang](/leetcode/counting-bits/counting-bits.go) | Easy | Dynamic Programming, Bit Manipulation |
| [33. Search in rotated sorted array](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/) | [golang](/leetcode/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/search-in-rotated-sorted-array.go) | Medium | Array, Binary Search |
| [70. Climbing stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/) | [golang](/leetcode/climbing-stairs/climbing-stairs.go) | Easy | Math, Dynamic Programming, Memoization |
| [118. Pascals triangle](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle/) | [golang](/leetcode/pascals-triangle/pascals-triangle.go) | Easy | Array, Dynamic Programming |
| [75. Sort colors](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-colors/) | [golang](/leetcode/sort-colors/sort-colors.go) | Medium | Array, Two Pointers, Sorting |
| [15. 3sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/) | [golang](/leetcode/3sum/3sum.go) | Medium | Array, Two Pointers, Sorting |
| [392. Is subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/is-subsequence/) | [golang](/leetcode/is-subsequence/is-subsequence.go) | Easy | Two Pointers, String, Dynamic Programming |
| [20. Valid parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/) | [golang](/leetcode/valid-parentheses/valid-parentheses.go) | Easy | String, Stack |
| [71. Simplify path](https://leetcode.com/problems/simplify-path/) | [golang](/leetcode/simplify-path/simplify-path.go) | Medium | String, Stack |
| [413. Arithmetic slices](https://leetcode.com/problems/arithmetic-slices/) | [golang](/leetcode/arithmetic-slices/arithmetic-slices.go) | Medium | Array, Dynamic Programming |
| [21. Merge two sorted lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/) | [golang](/leetcode/merge-two-sorted-lists/merge-two-sorted-lists.go) | Easy | Linked List, Recursion |
| [141. Linked list cycle](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/) | [golang](/leetcode/linked-list-cycle/linked-list-cycle.go) | Easy | Hash Table, Linked List, Two Pointers |
| [344. Reverse string](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/) | [golang](/leetcode/reverse-string/reverse-string.go) | Easy | Two Pointers, String, Recursion |
| [680. Valid palindrome ii](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome-ii/) | [golang](/leetcode/valid-palindrome-ii/valid-palindrome-ii.go) | Easy | Two Pointers, String, Greedy |
| [1791. Find center of star graph](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-center-of-star-graph/) | [golang](/leetcode/find-center-of-star-graph/find-center-of-star-graph.go) | Easy | Graph |
| [797. All paths from source to target](https://leetcode.com/problems/all-paths-from-source-to-target/) | [golang](/leetcode/all-paths-from-source-to-target/all-paths-from-source-to-target.go) | Medium | Backtracking, Depth-First Search, Breadth-First Search, Graph |
| [31. Next permutation](https://leetcode.com/problems/next-permutation/) | [golang](/leetcode/next-permutation/next-permutation.go) | Medium | Array, Two Pointers |
| [1920. Build array from permutation](https://leetcode.com/problems/build-array-from-permutation/) | [golang](/leetcode/build-array-from-permutation/build-array-from-permutation.go) | Easy | Array, Simulation |
| [1929. Concatenation of array](https://leetcode.com/problems/concatenation-of-array/) | [golang](/leetcode/concatenation-of-array/concatenation-of-array.go) | Easy | Array |
| [1721. Swapping nodes in a linked list](https://leetcode.com/problems/swapping-nodes-in-a-linked-list/) | [golang](/leetcode/swapping-nodes-in-a-linked-list/swapping-nodes-in-a-linked-list.go) | Medium | Linked List, Two Pointers |
| [11. Container with most water](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/) | [golang](/leetcode/container-with-most-water/container-with-most-water.go) | Medium | Array, Two Pointers, Greedy |
| [923. 3sum with multiplicity](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum-with-multiplicity/) | [golang](/leetcode/3sum-with-multiplicity/3sum-with-multiplicity.go) | Medium | Array, Hash Table, Two Pointers, Sorting, Counting |
| [1046. Last stone weight](https://leetcode.com/problems/last-stone-weight/) | [golang](/leetcode/last-stone-weight/last-stone-weight.go) | Easy | Array, Heap (Priority Queue) |
| [146. Lru cache](https://leetcode.com/problems/lru-cache/) | [golang](/leetcode/lru-cache/lru-cache.go) | Medium | Hash Table, Linked List, Design, Doubly-Linked List |
| [703. Kth largest element in a stream](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-largest-element-in-a-stream/) | [golang](/leetcode/kth-largest-element-in-a-stream/kth-largest-element-in-a-stream.go) | Easy | Tree, Design, Binary Search Tree, Heap (Priority Queue), Binary Tree, Data Stream |
| [460. Lfu cache](https://leetcode.com/problems/lfu-cache/) | [golang](/leetcode/lfu-cache/lfu-cache.go) | Hard | Hash Table, Linked List, Design, Doubly-Linked List |
| [1480. Running sum of 1d array](https://leetcode.com/problems/running-sum-of-1d-array/) | [golang](/leetcode/running-sum-of-1d-array/running-sum-of-1d-array.go) | Easy | Array, Prefix Sum |
| [1672. Richest customer wealth](https://leetcode.com/problems/richest-customer-wealth/) | [golang](/leetcode/richest-customer-wealth/richest-customer-wealth.go) | Easy | Array, Matrix |
| [2011. Final value of variable after performing operations](https://leetcode.com/problems/final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations/) | [golang](/leetcode/final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations/final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations.go) | Easy | Array, String, Simulation |
| [2114. Maximum number of words found in sentences](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-number-of-words-found-in-sentences/) | [golang](/leetcode/maximum-number-of-words-found-in-sentences/maximum-number-of-words-found-in-sentences.go) | Easy | Array, String |
| [1108. Defanging an ip address](https://leetcode.com/problems/defanging-an-ip-address/) | [golang](/leetcode/defanging-an-ip-address/defanging-an-ip-address.go) | Easy | String |
| [1476. Subrectangle queries](https://leetcode.com/problems/subrectangle-queries/) | [golang](/leetcode/subrectangle-queries/subrectangle-queries.go) | Medium | Array, Design, Matrix |
| [347. Top k frequent elements](https://leetcode.com/problems/top-k-frequent-elements/) | [golang](/leetcode/top-k-frequent-elements/top-k-frequent-elements.go) | Medium | Array, Hash Table, Divide and Conquer, Sorting, Heap (Priority Queue), Bucket Sort, Counting, Quickselect |
| [17. Letter combinations of a phone number](https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/) | [golang](/leetcode/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number.go) | Medium | Hash Table, String, Backtracking |
| [682. Baseball game](https://leetcode.com/problems/baseball-game/) | [golang](/leetcode/baseball-game/baseball-game.go) | Easy | Array, Stack, Simulation |
| [980. Unique paths iii](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-paths-iii/) | [golang](/leetcode/unique-paths-iii/unique-paths-iii.go), [python](/leetcode/unique-paths-iii/unique-paths-iii.py) | Hard | Array, Backtracking, Bit Manipulation, Matrix |
| [1603. Design parking system](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-parking-system/) | [golang](/leetcode/design-parking-system/design-parking-system.go) | Easy | Design, Simulation, Counting |
| [1260. Shift 2d grid](https://leetcode.com/problems/shift-2d-grid/) | [golang](/leetcode/shift-2d-grid/shift-2d-grid.go) | Easy | Array, Matrix, Simulation |
| [289. Game of life](https://leetcode.com/problems/game-of-life/) | [golang](/leetcode/game-of-life/game-of-life.go) | Medium | Array, Matrix, Simulation |
| [59. Spiral matrix ii](https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix-ii/) | [golang](/leetcode/spiral-matrix-ii/spiral-matrix-ii.go) | Medium | Array, Matrix, Simulation |
| [1557. Minimum number of vertices to reach all nodes](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-vertices-to-reach-all-nodes/) | [golang](/leetcode/minimum-number-of-vertices-to-reach-all-nodes/minimum-number-of-vertices-to-reach-all-nodes.go) | Medium | Graph |
| [700. Search in a binary search tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-a-binary-search-tree/) | [golang](/leetcode/search-in-a-binary-search-tree/search-in-a-binary-search-tree.go) | Easy | Tree, Binary Search Tree, Binary Tree |
| [669. Trim a binary search tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/trim-a-binary-search-tree/) | [golang](/leetcode/trim-a-binary-search-tree/trim-a-binary-search-tree.go) | Medium | Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Search Tree, Binary Tree |
| [538. Convert bst to greater tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-bst-to-greater-tree/) | [golang](/leetcode/convert-bst-to-greater-tree/convert-bst-to-greater-tree.go) | Medium | Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Search Tree, Binary Tree |
| [2236. Root equals sum of children](https://leetcode.com/problems/root-equals-sum-of-children/) | [golang](/leetcode/root-equals-sum-of-children/root-equals-sum-of-children.go) | Easy | Tree, Binary Tree |
| [2235. Add two integers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-integers/) | [golang](/leetcode/add-two-integers/add-two-integers.go) | Easy | Math |
| [1470. Shuffle the array](https://leetcode.com/problems/shuffle-the-array/) | [golang](/leetcode/shuffle-the-array/shuffle-the-array.go) | Easy | Array |
| [912. Sort an array](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-an-array/) | [golang](/leetcode/sort-an-array/sort-an-array.go) | Medium | Array, Divide and Conquer, Sorting, Heap (Priority Queue), Merge Sort, Bucket Sort, Radix Sort, Counting Sort |
| [897. Increasing order search tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/increasing-order-search-tree/) | [golang](/leetcode/increasing-order-search-tree/increasing-order-search-tree.go) | Easy | Stack, Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Search Tree, Binary Tree |
| [230. Kth smallest element in a bst](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst/) | [golang](/leetcode/kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst/kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst.go) | Medium | Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Search Tree, Binary Tree |
| [1769. Minimum number of operations to move all balls to each box](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-operations-to-move-all-balls-to-each-box/) | [golang](/leetcode/minimum-number-of-operations-to-move-all-balls-to-each-box/minimum-number-of-operations-to-move-all-balls-to-each-box.go) | Medium | Array, String |
| [1137. N th tribonacci number](https://leetcode.com/problems/n-th-tribonacci-number/) | [golang](/leetcode/n-th-tribonacci-number/n-th-tribonacci-number.go) | Easy | Math, Dynamic Programming, Memoization |
| [139. Word break](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-break/) | [golang](/leetcode/word-break/word-break.go) | Medium | Hash Table, String, Dynamic Programming, Trie, Memoization |
| [509. Fibonacci number](https://leetcode.com/problems/fibonacci-number/) | [golang](/leetcode/fibonacci-number/fibonacci-number.go) | Easy | Math, Dynamic Programming, Recursion, Memoization |
| [1614. Maximum nesting depth of the parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-nesting-depth-of-the-parentheses/) | [golang](/leetcode/maximum-nesting-depth-of-the-parentheses/maximum-nesting-depth-of-the-parentheses.go) | Easy | String, Stack |
| [99. Recover binary search tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/recover-binary-search-tree/) | [golang](/leetcode/recover-binary-search-tree/recover-binary-search-tree.go) | Medium | Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Search Tree, Binary Tree |
| [173. Binary search tree iterator](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search-tree-iterator/) | [golang](/leetcode/binary-search-tree-iterator/binary-search-tree-iterator.go) | Medium | Stack, Tree, Design, Binary Search Tree, Binary Tree, Iterator |
| [69. Sqrtx](https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/) | [golang](/leetcode/sqrtx/sqrtx.go) | Easy | Math, Binary Search |
| [7. Reverse integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer/) | [golang](/leetcode/reverse-integer/reverse-integer.go) | Medium | Math |
| [18. 4sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/4sum/) | [golang](/leetcode/4sum/4sum.go) | Medium | Array, Two Pointers, Sorting |
| [695. Max area of island](https://leetcode.com/problems/max-area-of-island/) | [golang](/leetcode/max-area-of-island/max-area-of-island.go) | Medium | Array, Depth-First Search, Breadth-First Search, Union Find, Matrix |
| [153. Find minimum in rotated sorted array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/) | [golang](/leetcode/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array.go) | Medium | Array, Binary Search |
| [705. Design hashset](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-hashset/) | [golang](/leetcode/design-hashset/design-hashset.go) | Easy | Array, Hash Table, Linked List, Design, Hash Function |
| [706. Design hashmap](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-hashmap/) | [golang](/leetcode/design-hashmap/design-hashmap.go) | Easy | Array, Hash Table, Linked List, Design, Hash Function |
| [535. Encode and decode tinyurl](https://leetcode.com/problems/encode-and-decode-tinyurl/) | [golang](/leetcode/encode-and-decode-tinyurl/encode-and-decode-tinyurl.go) | Medium | Hash Table, String, Design, Hash Function |
| [187. Repeated dna sequences](https://leetcode.com/problems/repeated-dna-sequences/) | [golang](/leetcode/repeated-dna-sequences/repeated-dna-sequences.go) | Medium | Hash Table, String, Bit Manipulation, Sliding Window, Rolling Hash, Hash Function |
| [6. Zigzag conversion](https://leetcode.com/problems/zigzag-conversion/) | [golang](/leetcode/zigzag-conversion/zigzag-conversion.go) | Medium | String |
| [5. Longest palindromic substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindromic-substring/) | [golang](/leetcode/longest-palindromic-substring/longest-palindromic-substring.go) | Medium | String, Dynamic Programming |
| [2181. Merge nodes in between zeros](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-nodes-in-between-zeros/) | [golang](/leetcode/merge-nodes-in-between-zeros/merge-nodes-in-between-zeros.go) | Medium | Linked List, Simulation |
| [1396. Design underground system](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-underground-system/) | [golang](/leetcode/design-underground-system/design-underground-system.go) | Medium | Hash Table, String, Design |
| [23. Merge k sorted lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists/) | [golang](/leetcode/merge-k-sorted-lists/merge-k-sorted-lists.go) | Hard | Linked List, Divide and Conquer, Heap (Priority Queue), Merge Sort |
| [16. 3sum closest](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum-closest/) | [golang](/leetcode/3sum-closest/3sum-closest.go) | Medium | Array, Two Pointers, Sorting |
| [2248. Intersection of multiple arrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-multiple-arrays/) | [golang](/leetcode/intersection-of-multiple-arrays/intersection-of-multiple-arrays.go) | Easy |  |
| [2249. Count lattice points inside a circle](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-lattice-points-inside-a-circle/) | [golang](/leetcode/count-lattice-points-inside-a-circle/count-lattice-points-inside-a-circle.go) | Medium |  |
| [2250. Count number of rectangles containing each point](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-number-of-rectangles-containing-each-point/) | [golang](/leetcode/count-number-of-rectangles-containing-each-point/count-number-of-rectangles-containing-each-point.go) | Medium |  |
| [284. Peeking iterator](https://leetcode.com/problems/peeking-iterator/) | [golang](/leetcode/peeking-iterator/peeking-iterator.go) | Medium | Array, Design, Iterator |
| [19. Remove nth node from end of list](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/) | [golang](/leetcode/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list.go) | Medium | Linked List, Two Pointers |
